**NOTE** CCSERV.EXE will run under Windows 3.1 and Windows95.  It has not
been tested on WindowsNT.


CCSERV.EXE runs on your PC and allows you to connect to the CoCo thru
the RS-232 pack at a rate of 19.2k baud.

SERVER.BIN runs on the CoCo III and allows your PC to communicate with it..

---------------------
SERVER.BIN currently REQUIRES the RS-232 pak to be plugged in and
connected to the PC or other terminal.  If it is not, it will sit
there on a blank blue screen until it is.

Once it starts up you will see a command prompt. This prompt is
specific to SERVER.BIN and allows you to enter commands from either
the PC or the CoCo keyboard.

Commands currently implemented:

reset   - Resets the server
dir     - Displays the directory of drive 0 (see notes below)
load    - Loads a .bin file into memory
exec    - executes the loaded .bin file
run     - Loads and executes a .bin file
cls     - Clears the screen


---------------------
CCSERV.EXE is the utility that allows you to communicate with the CoCo.
Its primary purpose is to allow easy transfers of files from the PC to
the CoCo using a list of files contained in a text file.

When CCSERV starts up, you will immediatly be taken to terminal mode.
Here you can communicate with the CoCo server.

In order to transfer and/or update files on the CoCo, you will need to
create a file called UPDATE.SCR in the current directory.  This file contains
information for both the PC and the CoCo and looks something like this:

port 1
update server.bin
update kill.bin
update vipzap.bin
update term.bin

The only two command supported are 'port' and 'update'.  'Port' tells
CCSERV.EXE which com port (1,2,3 or 4) to use to communicate with the CoCo.
'update' tells the PC which files to update when communicating with the CoCo.


The update.scr file can be modified any time that CCSERV.EXE is running and
it will use the new information the next time an update occurs.  This only
works with the 'update' commands.  If the com port is changed, CCSERV.EXE
will need to be restarted.

In order to initiate an update transfer to the CoCo press the F1 key.  This
will read update.scr and update all of the files that are listed.  Note that
it will ONLY update files that have changed on the PC.



